README.md, before:

<div align="center">
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/16b2a600-afb0-41b1-86cc-698bfcd2d333" alt="Khoj Logo" border="1" width="400"/>
<h1 align="center">Khoj - Web3 Treasure Hunt Platform</h1>
</div>

Khoj (meaning "search" or "discovery" in Hindi) is a gamified geo-location based treasure hunt platform that combines real-world exploration with Web3 technology. Built during ETHIndia Hackathon 2024, Khoj transforms traditional scavenger hunts into an immersive blockchain experience with a dream to bring millions of new users to the Web3 world.

## 🌟 Overview

Khoj allows users to participate in location-based AI treasure hunts where they solve riddles, visit physical locations, and earn onchain rewards. Users receive unique NFTs upon registration, and the platform supports multiple blockchain networks for maximum accessibility.

## ✨ Key Features

### Core Gameplay
- **Progressive Riddles**: Each hunt consists of multiple interconnected clues that tell a story. 
- **Location-Based Verification**: The answer to each clue is a physical location.
- **Personalised Clues**: The clues are tailored to the user's taste using AI while still keeping the answer same.
- **Multiple Attempts**: Players get 3 attempts per clue to verify their location
- **Real-time Collaboration**: Built-in video chat for team coordination.
- **Rewards & Reputation**: Fastest players win rewards based on a reputation score generated which can be redeemed later.

### Web3 Integration
- **Multi-Chain Support**: Deployed across Base, Moonbeam Parachain, and BNB Chain
- **Smart Wallet Integration**: Seamless login via Coinbase Developer Platform SDK
- **NFT Registration**: Unique NFTs minted for each registered user
- **Decentralized Storage**: Rich media and hunt data stored on Walrus network
- **Trust Scoring**: Dynamic trust score & attestation system based on hunt completion metrics
- **Blockchain Attestations**: Every solved clue is attested on-chain via True Network
- **Smart Contract Integration**: Hunt registration and reward distribution handled on-chain
- **Token Rewards**: Earn Crypto Coins and special perks based on performance

### User Experience
- **Superior UX**: 
- **Sleek UI**: Modern, responsive interface with playful design elements
- **Picture-in-Picture**: Continue video collaboration while solving clues
- **Reward Marketplace**: Redeem earned rewards for real-world perks

## Use Cases

1. **Co-Branded Hunts**

    Brands can sponsor treasure hunts to promote their products or services.
    Example: A sports brand can create a hunt where players visit local gyms and sports shops, promoting their latest line of athletic wear.

3. **Airdrops**

    Projects and blockchain platforms can organize hunts to distribute airdrops to their community.
    Example: A new blockchain project might require participants to solve riddles related to their platform to earn free tokens.

3. **Community Engagement**

    DAOs and NFT communities can host collaborative hunts to strengthen member connections.
    Example: An NFT art community might host a hunt to physical art galleries, ending with exclusive NFT drops.

4. **Educational Hunts**

    Organizations can use Khoj to create educational experiences.
    Example: A museum could create a hunt where participants explore exhibits while solving riddles about history or science.

5. **Local Tourism Promotion**

    Tourism boards or local councils can host hunts that encourage exploration of cultural landmarks.
    Example: A hunt through a city's historical sites with rewards tied to local crafts or businesses.

6. **Team-Building Activities**

    Corporations can use Khoj for team-building exercises.
    Example: Employees work together to solve riddles and explore company campuses or nearby landmarks.

7. **Event-Based Engagement**

    Conferences, expos, and festivals can host themed hunts to enhance attendee experiences.
    Example: A hackathon event could include a hunt guiding participants to booths of key sponsors and talks.

8. **Fitness and Wellness Incentives**

    Khoj can partner with fitness apps or gyms to encourage physical activity.
    Example: Users participate in a hunt requiring them to run or walk to specific locations.

## 🛠️ Technology Stack

- **Frontend**: React, TypeScript, TailwindCSS
- **Web3**:
  - True Network SDK for attestations
  - Multi-chain deployment (Base, Moonbeam, BNB Chain)
  - Coinbase's CDP SDK for smart wallet authentication
  - Lit Protocol for secure location verification and blind compute
  - Walrus for decentralized storage
- **Storage & Media**: 
  - Pinata IPFS for NFT and hunt data
  - Decentralized content delivery via IPFS
- **Video**: Huddle01 for real-time collaboration
- **UI Components**: 
  - Radix UI primitives
  - Recharts for data visualization
  - Custom animated components

## 🤝 Sponsor Integrations

### True Network
- Trust attestations for hunt completions
- Verifiable location proofs
- Reputation scoring system

### Base
- L2 smart contract deployment
- Low-cost transactions
- Fast finality for real-time updates

### Huddle01
- Decentralized video collaboration
- Web3-native communication
- Secure team coordination

### Coinbase
- CDP SDK for smart wallet integration
- Seamless user onboarding
- Secure authentication
- OnchainKit for transactions
- Wallet integration

### Lit Protocol
- Distributed secret management
- Blind compute network capabilities
- Secure location verification
- Cross-chain composability
- Privacy-preserving computations

### Pinata
- Decentralized IPFS storage for NFT metadata
- Rich media content storage (images, videos, audio)
- Reliable content pinning and persistence
- Fast content retrieval via dedicated gateways
- Cost-effective content distribution via IPFS

## 🚀 Getting Started

1. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/khoj.git
```

2. Install dependencies:
```bash
cd khoj
npm install
```

3. Set up environment variables:
```bash
cp .env.example .env
# Add your API keys for:
# - True Network
# - Huddle01
# - Other services
```

4. Start the development server:
```bash
npm run dev
```

## 🎮 How It Works

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/0c12a3e4-c1a7-4d86-a794-b49116c2d99b)


1. **Register**: Create an account and receive your unique NFT using CDP SDK
2. **Browse Hunts**: Explore available treasure hunts stored on Walrus network
3. **Connect Wallet**: Use smart wallet login powered by CDP SDK
4. **Solve Riddles**: Each hunt presents a series of location-based riddles
5. **Verify Location**: Use Lit Protocol to securely verify your presence
6. **Collaborate**: Use Huddle01's video chat to work with other hunters
7. **Earn Trust**: Build your trust score through successful completions
8. **Claim Rewards**: Earn rewards on your preferred supported chain

## 🏆 Trust Score System

Your trust score (0-10) is calculated based on:
- Speed of hunt completion
- Accuracy of location verification
- Number of attempts used
- Collaboration with other players

Higher scores unlock:
- Better ETH rewards
- Exclusive hunts
- Merchant discounts
- Additional attempts for difficult clues

## 🤝 Contributing

We welcome contributions! Please see our [Contributing Guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md) for details.

## 📄 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## 🙏 Acknowledgments

- Built during ETHIndia Hackathon 2024
- True Network team for their attestation infrastructure
- Huddle01 team for their video collaboration platform
- Base for providing the L2 infrastructure
- Coinbase for OnchainKit

## 👥 Team

- [Abhiraj Mengade](https://github.com/abhiraj-mengade)
- [Ayush Kumar Singh](https://github.com/ayush4345)
- [Mardav Gandhi](https://github.com/marcdhi)
- [Parth Mittal](https://github.com/mittal-parth)
- [Shubham Rasal](https://github.com/Shubham-Rasal)


Built with ❤️ by Team Khoj

## 📝 Creating a Hunt via Remix

You can create a new hunt directly on-chain using the [Remix IDE](https://remix.ethereum.org/) and the `ETHunt.sol` smart contract. This is useful for admins or sponsors who want to launch a new treasure hunt with custom parameters.

### Step 1: Deploy the ETHunt Contract (if not already deployed)
1. Open [Remix IDE](https://remix.ethereum.org/).
2. Upload the `ETHunt.sol` and `ETHuntNFT.sol` files from the `contracts/` directory of this repo.
3. Compile both contracts using the Solidity compiler in Remix.
4. Deploy the `ETHuntNFT` contract first. Copy its deployed address.
5. Deploy the `ETHunt` contract, passing the `ETHuntNFT` contract address as the constructor argument.

> **Note:** If the contract is already deployed on your target network, you can skip deployment and just interact with the existing contract address.

### Step 2: Prepare Your Hunt Data
Here is an example hunt you can create:

- **_name:** `Goa Hack`
- **_description:** `This is a a hackathon hunt`
- **startsAt:** `20240607` (Format: YYYYMMDD)
- **_clues_blobId:** `KWgH3bJHO0_ZfBnxjp2XR3U0nqGeq4XivhYk9JI5e6s`
- **_answers_blobId:** `0x7C31d6A0B7b10eE9e79f601265691EA6F28E86BC`
- **_duration:** `6000` (in seconds)

### Step 3: Call `createHunt` in Remix
1. In Remix, select the deployed `ETHunt` contract instance.
2. Find the `createHunt` function in the contract's interface.
3. Enter the parameters as follows:
   - `_name`: `Goa Hack`
   - `_description`: `This is a a hackathon hunt`
   - `startsAt`: `20240607`
   - `_clues_blobId`: `KWgH3bJHO0_ZfBnxjp2XR3U0nqGeq4XivhYk9JI5e6s`
   - `_answers_blobId`: `0x7C31d6A0B7b10eE9e79f601265691EA6F28E86BC`
   - `_duration`: `6000`
4. Click `transact` to create the hunt. The transaction will return a new `huntId`.

### Step 4: Verify the Hunt
- Use the `getAllHunts` or `getHunt(huntId)` function to verify your hunt was created successfully.
- Your hunt will now be available for users to register and participate in via the Khoj platform!

> **Tip:** Make sure you are connected to the correct network (Base, Moonbeam, or BNB Chain) in Remix before deploying or interacting with the contract.

Commit message:

frontend: Update favicon, replace ETHunt with Khoj

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/16b2a600-afb0-41b1-86cc-698bfcd2d333" alt="Khoj Logo" border="1" width="400"/>
<h1 align="center">Khoj - Web3 Treasure Hunt Platform</h1>
</div>

Khoj (meaning "search" or "discovery" in Hindi) is a gamified geo-location based treasure hunt platform that combines real-world exploration with Web3 technology. Built during ETHIndia Hackathon 2024, Khoj transforms traditional scavenger hunts into an immersive blockchain experience with a dream to bring millions of new users to the Web3 world.

## 🌟 Overview

Khoj allows users to participate in location-based AI treasure hunts where they solve riddles, visit physical locations, and earn onchain rewards. Users receive unique NFTs upon registration, and the platform supports multiple blockchain networks for maximum accessibility.

## ✨ Key Features

### Core Gameplay
- **Progressive Riddles**: Each hunt consists of multiple interconnected clues that tell a story. 
- **Location-Based Verification**: The answer to each clue is a physical location.
- **Personalised Clues**: The clues are tailored to the user's taste using AI while still keeping the answer same.
- **Multiple Attempts**: Players get 3 attempts per clue to verify their location
- **Real-time Collaboration**: Built-in video chat for team coordination.
- **Rewards & Reputation**: Fastest players win rewards based on a reputation score generated which can be redeemed later.

### Web3 Integration
- **Multi-Chain Support**: Deployed across Base, Moonbeam Parachain, and BNB Chain
- **Smart Wallet Integration**: Seamless login via Coinbase Developer Platform SDK
- **NFT Registration**: Unique NFTs minted for each registered user
- **Decentralized Storage**: Rich media and hunt data stored on Walrus network
- **Trust Scoring**: Dynamic trust score & attestation system based on hunt completion metrics
- **Blockchain Attestations**: Every solved clue is attested on-chain via True Network
- **Smart Contract Integration**: Hunt registration and reward distribution handled on-chain
- **Token Rewards**: Earn Crypto Coins and special perks based on performance

### User Experience
- **Superior UX**: 
- **Sleek UI**: Modern, responsive interface with playful design elements
- **Picture-in-Picture**: Continue video collaboration while solving clues
- **Reward Marketplace**: Redeem earned rewards for real-world perks

## Use Cases

1. **Co-Branded Hunts**

    Brands can sponsor treasure hunts to promote their products or services.
    Example: A sports brand can create a hunt where players visit local gyms and sports shops, promoting their latest line of athletic wear.

3. **Airdrops**

    Projects and blockchain platforms can organize hunts to distribute airdrops to their community.
    Example: A new blockchain project might require participants to solve riddles related to their platform to earn free tokens.

3. **Community Engagement**

    DAOs and NFT communities can host collaborative hunts to strengthen member connections.
    Example: An NFT art community might host a hunt to physical art galleries, ending with exclusive NFT drops.

4. **Educational Hunts**

    Organizations can use Khoj to create educational experiences.
    Example: A museum could create a hunt where participants explore exhibits while solving riddles about history or science.

5. **Local Tourism Promotion**

    Tourism boards or local councils can host hunts that encourage exploration of cultural landmarks.
    Example: A hunt through a city's historical sites with rewards tied to local crafts or businesses.

6. **Team-Building Activities**

    Corporations can use Khoj for team-building exercises.
    Example: Employees work together to solve riddles and explore company campuses or nearby landmarks.

7. **Event-Based Engagement**

    Conferences, expos, and festivals can host themed hunts to enhance attendee experiences.
    Example: A hackathon event could include a hunt guiding participants to booths of key sponsors and talks.

8. **Fitness and Wellness Incentives**

    Khoj can partner with fitness apps or gyms to encourage physical activity.
    Example: Users participate in a hunt requiring them to run or walk to specific locations.

## 🛠️ Technology Stack

- **Frontend**: React, TypeScript, TailwindCSS
- **Web3**:
  - True Network SDK for attestations
  - Multi-chain deployment (Base, Moonbeam, BNB Chain)
  - Coinbase's CDP SDK for smart wallet authentication
  - Lit Protocol for secure location verification and blind compute
  - Walrus for decentralized storage
- **Storage & Media**: 
  - Pinata IPFS for NFT and hunt data
  - Decentralized content delivery via IPFS
- **Video**: Huddle01 for real-time collaboration
- **UI Components**: 
  - Radix UI primitives
  - Recharts for data visualization
  - Custom animated components

## 🤝 Sponsor Integrations

### True Network
- Trust attestations for hunt completions
- Verifiable location proofs
- Reputation scoring system

### Base
- L2 smart contract deployment
- Low-cost transactions
- Fast finality for real-time updates

### Huddle01
- Decentralized video collaboration
- Web3-native communication
- Secure team coordination

### Coinbase
- CDP SDK for smart wallet integration
- Seamless user onboarding
- Secure authentication
- OnchainKit for transactions
- Wallet integration

### Lit Protocol
- Distributed secret management
- Blind compute network capabilities
- Secure location verification
- Cross-chain composability
- Privacy-preserving computations

### Pinata
- Decentralized IPFS storage for NFT metadata
- Rich media content storage (images, videos, audio)
- Reliable content pinning and persistence
- Fast content retrieval via dedicated gateways
- Cost-effective content distribution via IPFS

## 🚀 Getting Started

1. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/khoj.git
```

2. Install dependencies:
```bash
cd khoj
npm install
```

3. Set up environment variables:
```bash
cp .env.example .env
# Add your API keys for:
# - True Network
# - Huddle01
# - Other services
```

4. Start the development server:
```bash
npm run dev
```

## 🎮 How It Works

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/0c12a3e4-c1a7-4d86-a794-b49116c2d99b)


1. **Register**: Create an account and receive your unique NFT using CDP SDK
2. **Browse Hunts**: Explore available treasure hunts stored on Walrus network
3. **Connect Wallet**: Use smart wallet login powered by CDP SDK
4. **Solve Riddles**: Each hunt presents a series of location-based riddles
5. **Verify Location**: Use Lit Protocol to securely verify your presence
6. **Collaborate**: Use Huddle01's video chat to work with other hunters
7. **Earn Trust**: Build your trust score through successful completions
8. **Claim Rewards**: Earn rewards on your preferred supported chain

## 🏆 Trust Score System

Your trust score (0-10) is calculated based on:
- Speed of hunt completion
- Accuracy of location verification
- Number of attempts used
- Collaboration with other players

Higher scores unlock:
- Better ETH rewards
- Exclusive hunts
- Merchant discounts
- Additional attempts for difficult clues

## 🤝 Contributing

We welcome contributions! Please see our [Contributing Guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md) for details.

## 📄 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## 🙏 Acknowledgments

- Built during ETHIndia Hackathon 2024
- True Network team for their attestation infrastructure
- Huddle01 team for their video collaboration platform
- Base for providing the L2 infrastructure
- Coinbase for OnchainKit

## 👥 Team

- [Abhiraj Mengade](https://github.com/abhiraj-mengade)
- [Ayush Kumar Singh](https://github.com/ayush4345)
- [Mardav Gandhi](https://github.com/marcdhi)
- [Parth Mittal](https://github.com/mittal-parth)
- [Shubham Rasal](https://github.com/Shubham-Rasal)


Built with ❤️ by Team Khoj

## 📝 Creating a Hunt via Remix

You can create a new hunt directly on-chain using the [Remix IDE](https://remix.ethereum.org/) and the `Khoj.sol` smart contract. This is useful for admins or sponsors who want to launch a new treasure hunt with custom parameters.

### Step 1: Deploy the Khoj Contract (if not already deployed)
1. Open [Remix IDE](https://remix.ethereum.org/).
2. Upload the `Khoj.sol` and `KhojNFT.sol` files from the `contracts/` directory of this repo.
3. Compile both contracts using the Solidity compiler in Remix.
4. Deploy the `KhojNFT` contract first. Copy its deployed address.
5. Deploy the `Khoj` contract, passing the `KhojNFT` contract address as the constructor argument.

> **Note:** If the contract is already deployed on your target network, you can skip deployment and just interact with the existing contract address.

### Step 2: Prepare Your Hunt Data
Here is an example hunt you can create:

- **_name:** `Goa Hack`
- **_description:** `This is a a hackathon hunt`
- **startsAt:** `20240607` (Format: YYYYMMDD)
- **_clues_blobId:** `KWgH3bJHO0_ZfBnxjp2XR3U0nqGeq4XivhYk9JI5e6s`
- **_answers_blobId:** `0x7C31d6A0B7b10eE9e79f601265691EA6F28E86BC`
- **_duration:** `6000` (in seconds)

### Step 3: Call `createHunt` in Remix
1. In Remix, select the deployed `Khoj` contract instance.
2. Find the `createHunt` function in the contract's interface.
3. Enter the parameters as follows:
   - `_name`: `Goa Hack`
   - `_description`: `This is a a hackathon hunt`
   - `startsAt`: `20240607`
   - `_clues_blobId`: `KWgH3bJHO0_ZfBnxjp2XR3U0nqGeq4XivhYk9JI5e6s`
   - `_answers_blobId`: `0x7C31d6A0B7b10eE9e79f601265691EA6F28E86BC`
   - `_duration`: `6000`
4. Click `transact` to create the hunt. The transaction will return a new `huntId`.

### Step 4: Verify the Hunt
- Use the `getAllHunts` or `getHunt(huntId)` function to verify your hunt was created successfully.
- Your hunt will now be available for users to register and participate in via the Khoj platform!

> **Tip:** Make sure you are connected to the correct network (Base, Moonbeam, or BNB Chain) in Remix before deploying or interacting with the contract.
